# HackerRank-Cutting-Boards
Alice gives Bob a board composed of  wooden squares and asks him to find the minimum cost of breaking the board back down into individual  pieces. To break the board down, Bob must make cuts along its horizontal and vertical lines. To reduce the board to squares,  vertical cuts must be made at locations  and horizontal cuts must be made at locations . Each cut along some  (or ) has a cost,  (or ). The total cost of a cut is , where  is the number of already-cut segments that the cut passes through. The cost of cutting the whole board down into  squares is the sum of the cost of each successive cut. Recall that the cost of a cut is multiplied by the number of already-cut segments it crosses through. Can you help Bob find the minimum cost? Input Format The first line contains a single integer, , denoting the number of queries. The  subsequent lines describe each query over  lines according to the following format: 1. The first line has two positive space-separated integers,  and , detailing the respective height ( ) and width ( ) of the board. 2. The second line has  space-separated integers listing the cost, , of cutting a segment of the board at each respective location from . 3. The third line has  space-separated integers listing the cost, , of cutting a segment of the board at each respective location from . Note: If we were to superimpose the  board on a 2D graph, , , , and  would all be edges of the board and thus not valid cut lines. 
Sample Input 0
1 2 2 2 1
Sample Output 0
4
Explanation 0 We have a  board, with cut costs  and . Our first cut is horizontal at , because that is the line with the highest cost ( ). Our second cut is vertical, at . Our first cut has a  of , because we are making a cut with cost  across  segment (the uncut board). The second cut also has a  of , because we are making a cut of cost  across  segments. Thus, our answer is . 
